# CS370

The Treasure Hunt program used a deep Q-Learning system to train a pirate agent to locate the "treasure" within a maze, and to do so via the shortest path. A three-layer sequential neural network using PReLU activation, Adam optimizer, and Mean Squared Error loss function served as the agent. I completed the portion of the code which implemented the environment and experience elements for the Q-Training of the intelligent agent, in order to accomplish this goal. The pirate agent combined exploration with exploitation of experience in a 1:10 ratio to navigate the maze of 64 cells, with some movements blocked by "walls" or maze borders. According to deep Q-training principles, the agent was randomly placed within available cells in the maze, presented discounted rewards according to the quality of movement options, and saved episodes in an experience array from which it could later retrieve the experience by exploitation. Valid action choices resulted in pirate movement and updating of the environment, the rewards table, and checking the game status until either win or lose status. Lose status was determined by comparing to a minimum threshold for reward points lost as a function of actions taken. 
I define the mission of computer scientists as seeking the betterment of all of mankind's endeavors through the exploitation of technological advances in computing. This carries tremendous ethical responsibilities for the interests of the well-being of users, because the use of computers throughout the world is nearly universally relied upon as supporting the optimal use and conservation of natural resources and food production, the promotion of economic growth, the propagation of knowledge and education, the bridging of geographic and cultural distances, and even the continuance of personal liberty. As I work in the field of Computer Science, I try to keep this in mind, to recognize the potential for my work -- in partaking in and contributing to the field -- to have far-reaching implications for the future in ways which I may not anticipate. 
